(The concert rehearsal in the practice room is close to finish!)
(All the members are ready to perform at [LOONAbirth]!)
Go Won: Wow... it's really~
Go Won: I think you didn't sweat much~
YeoJin: I'm so jealous~
HeeJin: Actually I'm the one of the members who doesn't sweat much in LOOΠΔ
(Guess YeoJin's reaction to HeeJin!)
YeoJin: (Out of context) Are you excited?
HeeJIn: (Soulless) Yeah~
HeeJin: Look, it won't be aired if you keep doing like that~
Go Won: YeoJin, do you~
YeoJin: Cut!
Go Won: Do you not like to be on LOOΠΔ TV?
YeoJin: Do it again! Again!
Go Won: Can you do it well on Sunday?
YeoJin: Of cour....#*@&
HeeJin: Alright, then see you at the concert hall on the rehearsal day~
(Please look forward to upcoming LOOΠΔ TV for the concert rehearsal)